Adding tutorial on Qibocal API in documentation (#577)
qiboteam/qibocal: doc/source/tutorials/api.rst

For this particular example we will focus on the `single shot classification protocol
<https://github.com/qiboteam/qibocal/blob/main/src/qibocal/protocols/characterization/classification.py>`_.

.. code-block:: python

    from qibocal.protocols.characterization import Operation
    from qibolab import create_platform

    # allocate platform
    platform = create_platform("....")
    # get qubits from platform
    qubits = platform.qubits

    # we select the protocol
    protocol = Operation.single_shot_classification.value

``protocol`` is a `Routine <https://qibo.science/qibocal/stable/api-reference/qibocal.auto.html#qibocal.auto.operation.Routine>`_ object which contains all the necessary
methods to execute the experiment.

In order to run a protocol the user needs to specify the parameters.
The user can check which parameters need to be provided either by checking the
documentation of the specific protocol or by simply inspecting ``protocol.parameters_type``.
For ``single_shot_classification`` we can pass just the number of shots
in the following way:

.. code-block:: python

    parameters = experiment.parameters_type.load(dict(nshots=1024))

> After defining the user can perform the acquisition using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After defining, the user can perform the acquisition using
```

Author: Actually here I believe that I am missing "the parameters".
```suggestion
After defining the parameters, the user can perform the acquisition using
```

``experiment.acquisition`` which accepts the following parameters:

> * params (experiment.parameters_type): inputs parameters for the experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* params (experiment.parameters_type): input parameters for the experiment
```

* platform (qibolab.platform.Platform): Qibolab platform class

> * qubits (dict[QubitId, QubitPairId]) dictionary with qubits where the acquisition will run

Reviewer 2: Could you please add a link reference for all these objects (inside the brackets)?

and returns the following:
* data (experiment.data_type): data acquired

> * acquisition_time (float): acquisition time on hardware

Reviewer 2: The rendering is not working here, please add an empty line after the column.

.. code-block:: python

    data, acquisition_time = experiment.acquisition(params=parameters,
                                                    platform=platform,
                                                    qubits=qubits)

The user can now use the raw data acquired by the quantum processor to perform

> an arbitrary post-processing analysis. This one of the main advatanges of this API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an arbitrary post-processing analysis. This is one of the main advantages of this API
```

compared to the cli execution.

> The fitting associate with the experiment (``experiment.fit``) can be launched in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fitting corresponding to the experiment (``experiment.fit``) can be launched in the
```

following way:

.. code-block:: python

    fit, fit_time = experiment.fit(data)

To be more specific the user should pass as input ``data`` which is of type
``experiment.data_type`` and the outputs are the following:

> * fit: (experiment.results_type) inputs parameters for the experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fit: (experiment.results_type) input parameters for the experiment
```

* fit_time (float): post-processing time

It is also possible to access the plots and the tables generated in the

> report using ``experiment.report`` which accept the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report using ``experiment.report`` which accepts the following parameters:
```
